Notes:
  + Think you need to use cbind with dataframes rather than df$v1 = ...
  ->SOLVED - not true. Screwed up my linkages. Fixed when fixed my copy
    and paste error
  + Need to have the following packages
        ggplot2
        maptools
        gpclib

(01 Dec 10:03) Really struggling to figure out how to compare the
               regions with crime districts

               Trying to map Ethnicity distribution in Regions with
               Crime statistics in those regions

(01 Dec 12:18) FAILURE. Police boundaries are significantly different
               from Regional boundaries.

               Might continue this later in the year when I figure out
               whether it can be territorially

(01 Dec 15:46) Got something working re suicide rates in New Zealand -
               Adjusted R-squared: 0.4936 when accounted for
               Unemployment, birth rates, GDP, marriage rates and
               interaction between unemployment and birth rates.


(28 Nov 15:17) customising inputs easily would be good - can reuse 
		directorychooser

  +	Cannot read in directories for external files without user input
	  -	Is this a good thing?
		You probably wouldn't want a script that automatically
		picks up user directories
		Probably a good thing if users provide their own directories
	  -	BUT - there should be an option for users to skip 
		this process and do it automatically
	  -	readline = automatically, file.choose=manually

Bugs:

  +	Can't have spaces in directories
(28 Nov 15:29)  Since modules run in a seperate environment, it can't accept 
		user input

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/25126486/r-skips-readline-in-loop

(28 Nov 17:06)	Title (in CSV) cannot have spaces


Thoughts:
  +	I find it quite confusing linking inputs to outputs. It doesn't 
	seem natural.
(28 Nov 15:08)	I would like to be able to provide inline source as an input - 
	so I don't have to create 2 XML files just to customise the input. 
	See directoryprompt.r
	- OLD thought. no longer relevant

Error Reporting:
  + 	When reading in a file in the same directory as the 
	original R script, it doesn't read it in.
	Glue system needs to be able to set working directory
	to the original location.
  +	When reading any kind of file, if it doesn't exist 
	it should throw a meaningful error.
  +	Needs to check inputs and outputs


